Java
	Java is a high-level language that looks like C # and C + + and partly in languages such as Delphi, VB.NET and C. 
Java syntax is similar to that of C + + and C # and the transition of these languages to Java is easy. Java programs are 
object-oriented. They represent a set of definitions of classes incorporating methods and therein lies the programming 
logic. 
	Java language is distributed along with a special environment that runs on, called Java Runtime Environment (JRE). 
This environment includes the so-called Java Virtual Machine (JVM) and a set of standard libraries providing basic 
functionality. Thanks to this the Java programs are portable and once they are written, then without almost no changes they 
can run on hundreds of hardware platforms and operating systems.

C#
	C # is an object-oriented programming language developed by Microsoft, as part of the software platform. NET. Basis for C # is C + +, Java and somewhat languages such as Delphi, VB.NET and C. Like Java, C # is a set of definitions of 
classes incorporating methods and the methods lies the logic of the programming - instructions which computer runs.

PHP
	PHP is a server-side scripting language designed for web development but also used as a general-purpose programming language. PHP code is interpreted by a web server with a PHP processor module, which generates the resulting web page: PHP commands can be embedded directly into an HTML source document rather than calling an external file to process data. It has also evolved to include a command-line interface capability and can be used in standalone graphical applications.

C++
	C++ (pronounced see plus plus) is a general purpose programming language that is free-form and compiled. It is regarded as an intermediate-level language, as it comprises both high-level and low-level language features. It provides imperative, object-oriented and generic programming features.
C++ is one of the most popular programming languages and is implemented on a wide variety of hardware and operating system platforms. As an efficient performance driven programming language it is used in systems software, application software, device drivers, embedded software, high-performance server and client applications, and entertainment software such as video games.[6] Various entities provide both open source and proprietary C++ compiler software, including the FSF, LLVM, Microsoft and Intel. C++ has influenced many other programming languages, for example, C# and Java.

JavaScript
	JavaScript (JS) is a dynamic computer programming language. It is most commonly used as part of web browsers, whose implementations allow client-side scripts to interact with the user, control the browser, communicate asynchronously, and alter the document content that is displayed. It is also being used in server-side programming, game development and the creation of desktop and mobile applications. The application of JavaScript to use outside of web pages—for example, in PDF documents, site-specific browsers, and desktop widgets—is also significant.