Microsoft Visual Studio
	Microsoft Visual Studio is an integrated development environment (IDE) from Microsoft. It is used to develop computer programs for Microsoft Windows superfamily of operating systems, as well as web sites, web applications and web services.
	Visual Studio includes a code editor supporting IntelliSense as well as code refactoring. The integrated debugger works both as a source-level debugger and a machine-level debugger.
	Visual Studio supports different programming languages and allows the code editor and debugger to support (to varying degrees) nearly any programming language, provided a language-specific service exists. Built-in languages include C/C++ (via Visual C++), VB.NET (via Visual Basic .NET), C# (via Visual C#), and F# (as of Visual Studio 2010)

MonoDevelop
	MonoDevelop is an open source integrated development environment for Linux, OS X, and Windows. Its primary focus is development of projects that use Mono and .NET frameworks. MonoDevelop integrates features similar to those of NetBeans and Microsoft Visual Studio, such as automatic code completion, source control, a graphical user interface (GUI) and Web designer. MonoDevelop integrates a Gtk# GUI designer called Stetic.It supports C#, F#, Java, Boo, Visual Basic.NET, Oxygene, CIL, Python, Vala, C and C++.

Turbo C#
	Turbo C# was an Integrated Development Environment (IDE) from Borland that came in two versions, Explorer and Professional. It uses the C# programming language to develop applications for WinForms and ASP.NET.
The free Explorer edition, which had a fixed IDE targeted towards student, amateur, and hobbyist programmers is no longer available. The Professional edition had an extensible and customizable IDE.

#Develop
	#Develop (also styled as #develop) is a free and open source integrated development environment (IDE) for the .NET Framework, Mono, Gtk# and Glade# platforms.It supports development in C#, Visual Basic .NET, Boo, F#, IronPython and IronRuby programming languages.
	It was designed as a free and lightweight alternative to Microsoft Visual Studio, and contains an equivalent feature for almost every essential Visual Studio Express feature, including features for project management, code editing, application compiling and debugging To allow for easy project migration, SharpDevelop works natively with Visual Studio project and code files. It is able to compile applications for .NET Framework version 2.0, 3.0, 3.5, 4.0 and the .NET Compact Framework 2.0 and 3.5.

Morfik
	Morfik is a set of visual designers, compilers and a Framework combined in an Integrated development environment (IDE) aimed at developing Ajax applications in a high-level language such as Java, C#, BASIC or Object Pascal. Morfik includes visual design tools for Web interfaces, database structure, and queries. It supports the classic client–server model, however like all Ajax applications, the client-side code runs within a browser. The Morfik development tool converts the forms that the user draws into DHTML, compiles the client-logic into JavaScript, and builds the application and database server engines to house the server-side code.